
This sort of humility suggests that he had read the book of Job really carefully,
that he actually had appropriated the message, and gone on to apply that message
in his own life. There are so few intellectuals that do that. Hegel had several
followers who themselves became well known. But far away the most famous is Karl
Marx. Marx was born in Germany in 1818. And as a young student of Philosophy was
very much a Hegelian. He didn't become a Socialist until his mid 20's, when he
began to develop that rich and highly original mixture of German Philosophy,
French Politics and British Economics which is Marxism. Together with a wealthy
young industrialist, Friedrich Engels - he wrote the Communist Manifesto in 1848.
The partnership between Marx and Engels must be just about the most momentous
collaboration in the history of ideas. Engels kept Marx for most of his life,
so that he could produce his writings. And it was a life spent largely in exile,
because of Marx's political activities. Then, the point that Kant is talking about 
(this division) is something that has occurred historically and has developed with the 
rise of individual conscience in Protestant Europe. And because it's happened historically, 
it need not be a permanent feature. It could in some other period actually again be 
overcome, and the harmony restored. All one needs to be aware for now is that there is a 
entrepreneur who a lot of people are raving about as the planets richest pipe-dreamer 
of Terraforming on Mars. To begin with, before the conquest of planets beyond the 
solar system becomes both feasible and possible. DISCOVERY OF WARP SPEED!! He doesnt 
believe in God, but likes making some infrequent agnostic statement of how Homo Sapiens 
can be gods unto themselves. It doesnt surprise me too much in the beginning third 
decade of the 21st century, that the mesospheric otherworldly jaunts intrinsic to 
therapeutic and homeopathic qualities of microcosmic machine metaphors useful to 
Archimedes parametric postulates of Universe-building. Should be so posited by this 
charming rich man, whose Ruthenian looking face looks like its beaming with extra 
concatenated ascetics. So that the TUBE much seems to relish the young-guns-go 
ambience, of the [cash poor] billionaire stock brokers dicey daring on a petering out 
conflated level of sensationalizing what so happens to go on digitally with foreign 
(and not so) exchange rates of the world stage. As for the aesthetic principle of 
using Tin Machine in odd and certainly prurient films about Nikola Tesla. Even Im 
more subtle than that. Were going to boot camp for more than to learn how to drive. 
Hows about I want to be thin? eh, or I want to be rich? For all the schismatic furore 
that can be brought out over Circus Freak exploitation movies, Hugh Jackman should be 
savvy enough alongside Christian Bale in a reparatory flick, (using that term in the 
context that they have the trick of killing off their characters multiple times, and 
coming back! As pedants in a rat race to end all Rat Races. Where primary & runner-up 
positions are granted these two in light of their penury and trickery). And they both 
have altogether taken on the mantle of roles, one can tell by how accent and meter 
may in time determine what side of the fence, film-buff augurs will tend to lean on, 
which accounts for any fragmentary dead giveaways pursuant to method acting fill in 
all the corners before such a show. stops. What REALM do the powers that be want one 
to belie the time enough with an over-active imagination of theirs based in semantic 
lucid-dreaming selves?
