In the remake of a film, whose expansive series of books became the Elan Vital
of the Sci-fi genre, Frank Herbert became a cultural icon in much the same way
that Tolkien became the 'father' of modern fantasy. Tolkien didn't really like
the aforementioned style of positing a new-fangled way of using a geriatric
'spice' drug that opens up the possibilities of finding oneself in a different
 dimensional direction. Thanks to the astounding efforts of a pure Mathematics
 guild of spatial-temporal control, whom have been mutated with a derivative
 gas version of some wonder drug that can only be salvaged on one planet in the
 entire galaxy or whatever. The reading club in Oxford was more interested not
 in Guru Nanak concepts of cyclic reincarnation through glass coffin hyper
 sleep of floating aimlessly until one found the Lewisite 'Eldils' because of
 ironic disavowals of imagining technology before it's been invented. Wary of
 such "long shots in the dark" to hypostatize about as philosophers and also
 with the collective philologist's panache that some of them owned to. Albeit
 at the expense of consigning overweening importance to Nordic or Franco sorts
 of MYTHOS. A prejudicial way of bouncing off each others ego-driven personas.
 But, oh my! In the old days of making film (at least for DUNE) without CGI
 the special effects department certainly had some dangerous tricks. Making
 sand blow around easier because each and every grain is hollowed out.
for the concept of numbering her tequila glass' NA-CL2 micro-balloons, with
 an exactly counted out amount salvaged by the bored senseless professor,
 who always preferred the malted barley uses for a decent pint rather than
 the secret lost art of baking bread. The inklings had to get used to certain
 war shortages where Beer was concerned. It wasn't a typical dark femme talking
 club. Those Eastern Stratospheric spellcasters can usually be banked on to be
 down with the ecumenical ways and means that invert an entire scholastic type
 of 'dreaming lucidly' rubric to remember through writings but you'd google
 entrainment of that pair of pink grapefruit tinted monocles doing the beer
 goggle effect thing on one Myrrh-Maiden overladen EYE taking an extended leave
of some other finer tuned senses. The booze hound enacts as the spirit leads,
 way out in Hawaii of all places. That pair of feminists in the 60's flower-
 child film about these big bloody guns, needed a group of little boys to
 pour attention upon them two as Graeco-Roman statuesque celebrities.
 Carrying all those parcels for a pittance behind the scenes in Rhodes.
 These young ladies certainly don't seem averse to this sort of underaged
 male companionship during the period of Saturnalia. And so, yea verily true,
the results of such an evident alcohol poisoned starvation diet (addicted to
Sam's new books), you may be sure, were not strong men, but compliant
'walking Encyclopedias'.
